---
layout: post
title: Pre-Pulse Exploration
catagory: experiment
---

## This experiment is aimed at collecting a large data set that explores all the pre-pulse parameters.

This has been kicked around for almost a year, but Scott and I finally have a plan.

#### Experimental Setup

We will adapt the existing system with LRR diagnostics blended with HRR diagnostics, assessing a few sections where we could increase the data rate with new hardware.
We will build an EPICS data system, layered on top of the LabView when needed, using both CA protocol for the control and PV Access for daq.
We will do wide parameter scans, varying all different pre-pulse parameters (power, delay, z depth).
After recording, we wish to control the z depth with a simple gradient decent with averaging. This will demonstrate our ability to "close the loop"

#### TODO:
1. Find sputtering option for scintillating material - Option at OSU
2. Integrate LabView and EPICS in the lab
3. Recieve power meters (ordered and at CSUCI) and Hamamatsu's (not ordered, Scott)
4. Look into a gradient decent algorithm that can be used with z depth.
5. Look into 2 step adhesion of the scintillating materials on the cameras.
6. Make diffuser for old power meters.

#### Notes from call on 9/8:
The EJ-212 scintillating material emits in the 400-460nm range. The Hamamatsu S11639-11 absorbs best around 600-800nm, but has a photosensitivity of 0.2-0.3 in the 400nm range.
We will want to access and control the z position motor in EPICS.
We will be looking at the max proton fluence in a closed loop in EPICS, using PVAccess for the data.

#### Notes from call on 9/27:
The heads of the power meters are delayed in shipping, so we may want to look into other options for using the current power meters. One thought was to use a diffuser to scramble the wavefronts and provide an even light distribution (non-Gaussian) for the power meter. The goal behind this would be to try and see shot-to-shot variations better by increaseing the SNR in the energy we measure. The goal would be to have no angular or positional dependence of the incoming light, verified through table top tests.

Also, Scott mentioned that my retrofitting of LabView to EPICS might be a paper, so I will start documenting that conversion [on a separate page](https://ntamminga1.github.io/EPICS/).
